.TH the-chosen-remastered 6 "2023-04-16"
.SH NAME
\fBthe-chosen-remastered\fP \- A short ZORK-like text adventure
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBthe-chosen-remastered\fP [ \fB-h\fP | \fB-v\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBThe Chosen (Remastered): At Night's End\fP is a short piece of interactive fiction. The player's goal is to find a legendary pair of 
swords and destroy an evil king with them. The interface resembles that of ZORK and uses \fBncurses\fP to function. 
.P
As soon as you start the game, the copyright notice and the game version will appear. To continue, press the ENTER key. 
You are now presented with an intro to the game. Type in your name and press ENTER again. Now the game really starts and 
you can see the description of the starting location.
.P
Whenever you see the prompt (>), the game is waiting for you to type in your instructions. When you have finished typing 
in your instructions, press the RETURN key. The game will respond and the the prompt (>) will reappear.
.P
Further details can be found here: <https://github.com/tifrueh/the-chosen-remastered>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Show a short help message and exit
.TP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--version\fP
Print version info and exit
.SH BUGS
I should think so.
.P
Please refer to <https://github.com/tifrueh/the-chosen-remastered/issues>
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBncurses\fP(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2022-2023  Timo Frueh
.P
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.P
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
